feat: implement --vue-indent-script-and-style mentioned at pr-#6077 (#6157)
prettier/prettier: docs/options.md

| ------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `"css"` | <code>--html-whitespace-sensitivity <css&#124;strict&#124;ignore></code> | <code>htmlWhitespaceSensitivity: "<css&#124;strict&#124;ignore>"</code> |

## Vue files script and style tags indentation

_First available in v1.18.0_

> Indent script and style tags in Vue files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whether or not to indent the code inside `<script>` and `<style>` tags in Vue files. Some people (like [the creator of Vue](https://github.com/prettier/prettier/issues/3888#issuecomment-459521863)) don’t indent to save an indentation level, but this might break code folding in your editor.
```

Valid options:

> - `"false"` - Respect the default indentation of script and style tags in Vue files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `"false"` - Do not indent script and style tags in Vue files.
```

- `"true"` - Indent script and style tags in Vue files.

| Default   | CLI Override                               | API Override |
| --------- | ------------------------------------------ | ------------ |

> | `"false"` | <code>--vue-indent-script-and-style</code> |              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `false` | `--vue-indent-script-and-style` | `vueIndentScriptAndStyle: <bool>` |
```
